# CS300

The problems that we were trying to solve within this course revolved around datatypes and what was best to use in what situations. We covered Hashtables, Arrays, Vectors, and Binary Search Trees. We were assigned to learn all about the four types of datatypes and how they might be most effective. Largely the class was based on algorithms and how these datatypes fit into what algorithm. This project specifically had us create a runtime analysis for hashtables, vectors, and BSTs to see which would run most effectively given the amount of data we had. The final project dealt with us having to import a csv file for a "client" and manipulating it using these different datatypes to sort the information in alphanumeric order, display all of the cases, and implementing a search function to find a particular entry within the datafile. The class helped me to understand just why a specific datatype is integral in certain projects. Every datatype fits somewhere and excels in different situations. Selecting the appropriate one and understanding why is paramount. The amount of roadblocks in this course seemed insurmountable particularly with the first three projects, but like anything I was able to take it line by line and understand exactly what did what and how to manipulate it to complete the assignment. Mike's announcements and insights were invaluable in completing this course, I fear without those I would have been lost to the void. Being largely unfamiliar with C++, I gained a greater appreciation for just how deep and adaptable this language can be. Working on this project has given me a more "dynamic" approach to my own software development. I feel like I am more adaptable with deeper knowledge of subjects that I had been ignorant of before. I feel like I have more "tools" in my arsenal and feel more confident moving forward with a project that I seemingly know nothing about. The work on this project has certainly shown me how "tight" code should be. Good, clean code should be one dimensional and should always convey what it does very clearly. I appreciate the amount of time and dedication you have shown us in this course Mike! I was not always able to make the deadlines because of working a full time job + relationship, but I appreciate you giving us grace. 
